docs: artifactory(jfrog) webhook receiver (#4514)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/50-user-guide/60-reference-docs/80-webhook-receivers/artifactory/index.md

---
sidebar_label: Artifactory
---

# Artifactory Webhook Receiver

The Artifactory Webhook Receiver responds to `pushed` events originating from 
Artifactory repositories by _refreshing_ all `Warehouse` resources subscribed to 

> those repositories.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/akuity/kargo/pull/4514/files#r2196271025.

We might want to be explicit here about an event type some users might expect to be supported that we are _not_ supporting.

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: artifactory-wh-secret
  namespace: kargo-demo
  labels:
    kargo.akuity.io/cred-type: generic
data:
  secret-token: <base64-encoded secret token>
---
apiVersion: kargo.akuity.io/v1alpha1
kind: ProjectConfig
metadata:
  name: kargo-demo
  namespace: kargo-demo
spec:
  webhookReceivers: 
    - name: artifactory-wh-receiver
      artifactory:
        secretRef:
          name: artifactory-wh-secret
```

## Retrieving the Receiver's URL

Kargo will generate a hard-to-guess URL from the receiver's configuration. This
URL can be obtained using a command such as the following:

```shell
kubectl get projectconfigs kargo-demo \
  -n kargo-demo \
  -o=jsonpath='{.status.webhookReceivers}'
```

## Registering with Artifactory

1. Navigate to 
   `https://<jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/ui/admin/configuration/webhooks`, where
   `<jfrog-instance>` has been replaced with na Artifactory instance for which 
   you are an administrator.

1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.

   ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")

1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:

   ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")

> 1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.

Reviewer: I would indent all steps that are part of the form one level.

1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
   [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).
  
1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check <Hlt>Show status of successful 
   executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.

   :::info
   Although Artifactory supports sending test/dummy events to the URL,
   only organically triggered events will show up in the troubleshooting tab.
   Not test/dummy events. Even if they're successful.
   :::

1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Events</Hlt> and select <Hlt>Docker and OCI</Hlt> > 

>    <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/akuity/kargo/pull/4498/files#r2196264288 for some details about explicitly stating some things we're _not_ supporting somewhere around here.

   ![Select Trigger](./img/select-trigger.png "Select Trigger")

1. Upon clicking out of the input menu, an <Hlt>Add Repositories</Hlt> modal 

>    will appear.

Reviewer: We should try to keep steps imperative. Wording like "Complete the form in the modal dialog that appears:"

The next three steps can probably be indented to show they're part of this.

---
sidebar_label: Artifactory
---

# Artifactory Webhook Receiver

The Artifactory Webhook Receiver responds to `pushed` events originating from 
Artifactory repositories by _refreshing_ all `Warehouse` resources subscribed to 
those repositories.

:::info
"Refreshing" a `Warehouse` resource means enqueuing it for immediate
reconciliation by the Kargo controller, which will execute the discovery of
new artifacts from all repositories to which that `Warehouse` subscribes.
:::

## Configuring the Receiver

An Artifactory webhook receiver must reference a Kubernetes `Secret` resource 
with a `secret-token` key in its data map. This
[shared secret](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_secret) will be used by
Artifactory to sign requests and by the receiver to verify those signatures.

:::note
The following commands are suggested for generating and base64-encoding a
complex secret:

```shell
secret_token=$(openssl rand -base64 48 | tr -d '=+/' | head -c 32)
echo "Secret token: $secret_token"
echo "Encoded secret token: $(echo -n $secret_token | base64)"
```

> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::
```

   `<jfrog-instance>` has been replaced with na Artifactory instance for which 
   you are an administrator.

1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.

   ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")

1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:

   ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")

1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.

1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
   [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).
  
1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check <Hlt>Show status of successful 
   executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.

   :::info
   Although Artifactory supports sending test/dummy events to the URL,
   only organically triggered events will show up in the troubleshooting tab.
   Not test/dummy events. Even if they're successful.
   :::

1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Events</Hlt> and select <Hlt>Docker and OCI</Hlt> > 
   <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.

   ![Select Trigger](./img/select-trigger.png "Select Trigger")

1. Upon clicking out of the input menu, an <Hlt>Add Repositories</Hlt> modal 
   will appear.

   ![Select Repos](./img/select-repos.png "Select Repos")

> 1. Check any boxes corresponding to repositores this applies to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Check any boxes corresponding to repositories this applies to.
```

> 1. Click <Hlt>></Hlt> to move selected repositores into the selected window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click <Hlt>></Hlt> to move selected repositories into the selected window.
```

   :::info

>    Upon moving repositores to the selected section, the <Hlt>Save</Hlt> will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Upon moving repositories to the selected section, the <Hlt>Save</Hlt> will
```

spec:
  webhookReceivers: 
  - name: artifactory-wh-receiver
    artifactory:
      secretRef:
        name: artifactory-wh-secret
```

## Retrieving the Receiver's URL

Kargo will generate a hard-to-guess URL from the receiver's configuration. This
URL can be obtained using a command such as the following:

```shell
kubectl get projectconfigs kargo-demo \
  -n kargo-demo \
  -o=jsonpath='{.status.webhookReceivers}'
```

## Registering with Artifactory

1. Navigate to 
   `https://<jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/ui/admin/configuration/webhooks`, where
   `<jfrog-instance>` has been replaced with an Artifactory instance for which 
   you are an administrator.

1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.

    ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")

1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:

    ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")

    1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.

    1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
       [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).

    1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check
       <Hlt>Show status of successful executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.

>     :::info
>     Although Artifactory supports sending test events to the URL, such event are
>     _not_ displayed in the troubleshooting tab; only actual events are.
>     :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :::info
        Although Artifactory supports sending test events to the URL, such
        events are _not_ displayed in the troubleshooting tab; only actual
        events are.
        :::
```

    1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Events</Hlt> and select
       <Hlt>Docker and OCI</Hlt> ⃗ <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.

        ![Select Trigger](./img/select-trigger.png "Select Trigger")

>     :::info
>     Artifactory supports many different types of registries and repositories.
>     This webhook responds only to events originating from repositories in OCI
>     registries. No other type of repository, including legacy (HTTP/S) Helm
>     chart repositories, is supported.
>     :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :::info
        Artifactory supports many different types of registries and repositories.
        This webhook responds only to events originating from repositories in OCI
        registries. No other type of repository, including legacy (HTTP/S) Helm
        chart repositories, is supported.
        :::
```

        :::

    1. Complete the dialog that appears:

       ![Select Repos](./img/select-repos.png "Select Repos")

        1. Select repositories from which you would like to receive events from
           those listed on the left.

        1. Click <Hlt>&gt;</Hlt> to move your selections to the right.

            Upon doing so, the <Hlt>Save</Hlt> button will be enabled.

            ![Repos Selected](./img/repos-selected.png "Repos Selected")

        1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

    1. Under <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>, complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt>
       field using the (unencoded) value of the `secret-token` key in the
       `Secret` resource referenced by the
       [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).

        ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")

    1. Select <Hlt>Use secret for payload signing</Hlt>.

        :::caution
        The webhook receiver won't accept unsigned requests.
        :::

    1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

>         You will be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks Dashboard</Hlt> where the newly
>         created webhook will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You will be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks</Hlt> page where the newly
        created webhook will appear.
```

> 1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>.
> 
>     ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")
> 
> 1. Complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt> field using to the (unencoded) value
>    assigned to the `secret-token` key of the `Secret` resource referenced by
>    the [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).
> 
> 1. Select <Hlt>Use secret for payload signing</Hlt>.
> 
>     :::caution
>     The webhook receiver won't accept unsigned requests.
>     :::
> 
> 1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.
> 
>     You will be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks Dashboard</Hlt> where the newly
>     created webhook will appear.
> 
>     ![Created](./img/created.png "Created")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>.

        ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")

    1. Complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt> field using to the (unencoded) value
       assigned to the `secret-token` key of the `Secret` resource referenced by
       the [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).

    1. Select <Hlt>Use secret for payload signing</Hlt>.

        :::caution
        The webhook receiver won't accept unsigned requests.
        :::

    1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

        You will be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks Dashboard</Hlt> where the newly
        created webhook will appear.

        ![Created](./img/created.png "Created")
```

URL can be obtained using a command such as the following:

```shell
kubectl get projectconfigs kargo-demo \
  -n kargo-demo \
  -o=jsonpath='{.status.webhookReceivers}'
```

## Registering with Artifactory

1. Navigate to 
   `https://<jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/ui/admin/configuration/webhooks`, where
   `<jfrog-instance>` has been replaced with an Artifactory instance for which 
   you are an administrator.

1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.

    ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")

1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:

    ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")

    1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.

    1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
       [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).

    1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check
       <Hlt>Show status of successful executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.

        :::info
        Although Artifactory supports sending test events to the URL, such
        events are _not_ displayed in the troubleshooting tab; only actual
        events are.
        :::

>     1. Under <Hlt>Events</Hlt>, select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In the <Hlt>Events</Hlt> drop-down, select
```

>     1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Events</Hlt> and select
>        <Hlt>Docker and OCI</Hlt> ⃗ <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Under <Hlt>Events</Hlt>, select
       <Hlt>Docker and OCI</Hlt> ⃗ <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.
```

        ![Select Trigger](./img/select-trigger.png "Select Trigger")

        :::info
        Artifactory supports many different types of registries and repositories.
        This webhook responds only to events originating from repositories in OCI
        registries. No other type of repository, including legacy (HTTP/S) Helm
        chart repositories, is supported.
        :::

    1. Complete the form in the modal dialog that appears:

       ![Select Repos](./img/select-repos.png "Select Repos")

>         1. Check any boxes corresponding to repositories this applies to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Check boxes corresponding to repositories from which you would like
           to receive events.
```

>         1. Check boxes corresponding to repositories from which you would like
>            to receive events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Select repositories from which you would like to receive events from
           those listed on the left.
```

>         1. Click <Hlt>></Hlt> to move selected repositories into the selected window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Click <Hlt>&gt;</Hlt> to move your selections to the right.
```

            Upon moving repositories to the selected section, the
            <Hlt>Save</Hlt> button will be enabled.

            ![Repos Selected](./img/repos-selected.png "Repos Selected")

        1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

>     1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>.
> 
>         ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")
> 
>     1. Complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt> field using to the (unencoded) value
>        assigned to the `secret-token` key of the `Secret` resource referenced by
>        the [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Under <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>, complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt>
       field using the (unencoded) value of the `secret-token` key in the
       `Secret` resource referenced by the
       [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).

        ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")
```

those repositories.

:::info
"Refreshing" a `Warehouse` resource means enqueuing it for immediate
reconciliation by the Kargo controller, which will execute the discovery of
new artifacts from all repositories to which that `Warehouse` subscribes.
:::

## Configuring the Receiver

An Artifactory webhook receiver must reference a Kubernetes `Secret` resource 
with a `secret-token` key in its data map. This
[shared secret](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_secret) will be used by
Artifactory to sign requests any by the receiver to verify those signatures.

:::note
The following commands are suggested for generating and base64-encoding a
complex secret:

```shell
secret_token=$(openssl rand -base64 48 | tr -d '=+/' | head -c 32)
echo "Secret token: $secret_token"
echo "Encoded secret token: $(echo -n $secret_token | base64)"
```

:::

```yaml
apiVersion: kargo.akuity.io/v1alpha1
kind: Project
metadata:
  name: kargo-demo
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: artifactory-wh-secret
  namespace: kargo-demo
  labels:
    kargo.akuity.io/cred-type: image
data:
  repoURL: <jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/<repo-key>/<image-name>
  username: <jfrog username>

>   password: <jfrog docker login password>

Reviewer: What are these being used for? Looking at #4498 I couldn't quite figure that out.

Author: For authenticating with a private repo. I added a note for this [here](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/pull/4514/files#diff-1e57838d38a8e829eb2e95a50b1ac7a0e8541eb5a9ad6ed8def0d2f1da8db184R69).

Reviewer: Oh... nevermind. I see what's going on. Will ping you offline.

---
sidebar_label: Artifactory
---

# Artifactory Webhook Receiver

The Artifactory Webhook Receiver responds to `pushed` events originating from 
Artifactory repositories by _refreshing_ all `Warehouse` resources subscribed to 
those repositories.

:::warning

>    We do not respond to events where `domain` is `artifact` and `event_type`  is `deployed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not respond to events where `domain` is `artifact` and `event_type`  is
`deployed`.
```

:::

:::info
"Refreshing" a `Warehouse` resource means enqueuing it for immediate
reconciliation by the Kargo controller, which will execute the discovery of
new artifacts from all repositories to which that `Warehouse` subscribes.
:::

## Configuring the Receiver

An Artifactory webhook receiver must reference a Kubernetes `Secret` resource 
with a `secret-token` key in its data map. This
[shared secret](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_secret) will be used by
Artifactory to sign requests and by the receiver to verify those signatures.

:::note
The following commands are suggested for generating and base64-encoding a
complex secret:

```shell
secret_token=$(openssl rand -base64 48 | tr -d '=+/' | head -c 32)
echo "Secret token: $secret_token"
echo "Encoded secret token: $(echo -n $secret_token | base64)"
```
:::

```yaml

> apiVersion: kargo.akuity.io/v1alpha1
> kind: Project
> metadata:
>   name: kargo-demo
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: artifactory-wh-secret
  namespace: kargo-demo
  labels:
    kargo.akuity.io/cred-type: generic
data:
  secret-token: <base64-encoded secret token>
---
apiVersion: kargo.akuity.io/v1alpha1
kind: ProjectConfig
metadata:
  name: kargo-demo
  namespace: kargo-demo
spec:
  webhookReceivers: 

>     - name: artifactory-wh-receiver
>       artifactory:
>         secretRef:
>           name: artifactory-wh-secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - name: artifactory-wh-receiver
     artifactory:
       secretRef:
         name: artifactory-wh-secret
```

```

## Retrieving the Receiver's URL

Kargo will generate a hard-to-guess URL from the receiver's configuration. This
URL can be obtained using a command such as the following:

```shell
kubectl get projectconfigs kargo-demo \
  -n kargo-demo \
  -o=jsonpath='{.status.webhookReceivers}'
```

## Registering with Artifactory

1. Navigate to 
   `https://<jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/ui/admin/configuration/webhooks`, where
   `<jfrog-instance>` has been replaced with na Artifactory instance for which 
   you are an administrator.

> 1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.
> 
>    ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <Hlt>New Webhook</Hlt>.

    ![Webhooks Dashboard](./img/webhooks.png "Webhooks Dashboard")
```

> 1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:
> 
>    ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")
> 
>    1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.
> 
>    1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
>       [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).
>    
>    1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check <Hlt>Show status of successful 
>    executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Complete the <Hlt>Create new webhook</Hlt> form:

    ![Add Webhook](./img/add-webhook.png "Add Webhook")

    1. Enter a descriptive name in the <Hlt>Name</Hlt> field.

    1. Complete the <Hlt>URL</Hlt> field using the URL
       [for the webhook receiver](#retrieving-the-receivers-url).

    1. Under <Hlt>Execution Results</Hlt> check
       <Hlt>Show status of successful executions in the Troubleshooting tab</Hlt>.
```

   :::info

>    Although Artifactory supports sending test/dummy events to the URL,
>    only organically triggered events will show up in the troubleshooting tab.
>    Not test/dummy events. Even if they're successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Although Artifactory supports sending test events to the URL, such event are
   _not_ displayed in the troubleshooting tab; only actual events are.
```

>    :::info
>    Although Artifactory supports sending test/dummy events to the URL,
>    only organically triggered events will show up in the troubleshooting tab.
>    Not test/dummy events. Even if they're successful.
>    :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::info
    Although Artifactory supports sending test events to the URL, such event are
   _not_ displayed in the troubleshooting tab; only actual events are.
    :::
```

   <Hlt>Tag was pushed</Hlt>.

   ![Select Trigger](./img/select-trigger.png "Select Trigger")

   :::info
   We support webhooks only from image repos and (OCI) chart repos and we do 
   not support webhooks from any other kind of repos, including legacy (HTTP/S) 
   chart repos.
   :::

   1. Complete the form in the modal dialog that appears:

   ![Select Repos](./img/select-repos.png "Select Repos")

      1. Check any boxes corresponding to repositories this applies to.

      1. Click <Hlt>></Hlt> to move selected repositories into the selected window.

      :::info
      Upon moving repositories to the selected section, the <Hlt>Save</Hlt> will
      become enabled.
      :::

      ![Repos Selected](./img/repos-selected.png "Repos Selected")

      1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

1. Scroll down to <Hlt>Authentication</Hlt>.

   ![Setup Auth](./img/setup-auth.png "Setup Auth")

1. Complete the <Hlt>Secret token</Hlt> field using to the (unencoded) value
   assigned to the `secret-token` key of the `Secret` resource referenced by
   the [webhook receiver's configuration](#configuring-the-receiver).

1. Select <Hlt>Use secret for payload signing</Hlt>.

>    :::caution
>    The webhook receiver won't accept unsigned requests.
>    :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::caution
    The webhook receiver won't accept unsigned requests.
    :::
```

1. Click <Hlt>Save</Hlt>.

>     You will then be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks Dashboard</Hlt> where the 
>     newly created webhook will now be rendered.
> 
>     ![Created](./img/created.png "Created")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You will be redirected to the <Hlt>Webhooks Dashboard</Hlt> where the newly
    created webhook will now be rendered.

    ![Created](./img/created.png "Created")
```

those repositories.

:::info
"Refreshing" a `Warehouse` resource means enqueuing it for immediate
reconciliation by the Kargo controller, which will execute the discovery of
new artifacts from all repositories to which that `Warehouse` subscribes.
:::

## Configuring the Receiver

An Artifactory webhook receiver must reference a Kubernetes `Secret` resource 
with a `secret-token` key in its data map. This
[shared secret](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_secret) will be used by
Artifactory to sign requests and by the receiver to verify those signatures.

:::note
The following commands are suggested for generating and base64-encoding a
complex secret:

```shell
secret_token=$(openssl rand -base64 48 | tr -d '=+/' | head -c 32)
echo "Secret token: $secret_token"
echo "Encoded secret token: $(echo -n $secret_token | base64)"
```

:::

```yaml
apiVersion: kargo.akuity.io/v1alpha1
kind: Project
metadata:
  name: kargo-demo
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: private-repo-creds
  namespace: kargo-demo
  labels:
    kargo.akuity.io/cred-type: image
data:
  repoURL: <jfrog-instance>.jfrog.io/<repo-key>/<image-name>
  username: <jfrog username>

>   password: <jfrog docker login password>

Reviewer: Thanks for splitting this out from the other Secret. There's not much need to include these repo creds at all though since the doc isn't walking anyone through setting up a Warehouse (and doesn't need to). Since this is reference material we can afford to zero in on the artifactory --> receiver communication and not worry about Warehouse configuration. There are other docs that cover that well.

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret

> metadata:
>   name: artifactory-wh-secret
>   namespace: kargo-demo

Reviewer: @gdsoumya has requested that we include this label. It's not strictly required for OSS, although I believe it is required for the Kargo SaaS.

The more general bits of webhook receiver documentation cover this recommendation so there's no need to add any real discussion of it to each receiver's docs, but we should at least include the label in the example Secrets.

@fuskovic would you mind squeezing the same label addition into the other receiver reference pages as well?

```suggestion
metadata:
  name: artifactory-wh-secret
  namespace: kargo-demo
  labels:
    kargo.akuity.io/cred-type: generic
```
